# NN-clothes-classification
Neural network model to classify images of clothing, such as sneakers and shirts.
https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/keras/classification
The images are 28x28 NumPy arrays, with pixel values ranging from 0 to 255. 
The labels are an array of integers, ranging from 0 to 9. 
print(len(test_labels)): 10000 images in training set

plt.figure()
plt.imshow(train_images[0])
plt.colorbar()
plt.grid(False)
plt.show()

Why to use figure https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38666527/what-is-the-necessity-of-plt-figure-in-matplotlib
colorbar - Adds a colorbar to a plot.
grid()- Configure the grid lines. plt.grid(False) means no grid lines on figure

#Both training and testing sets must be scaled(preprocessed)
train_images = train_images/255
test_images = test_images/255

https://www.tensorflow.org/guide/keras/sequential_model

#1s layer transforms the format of the images from 2D array (of 28 x 28 pixels) to 1D array (of 28 * 28 = 784 pixels)
    keras.layers.Flatten(input_shape=(28, 28)),
#After the pixels are flattened, the network consists of a sequence of two tf.keras.layers.Dense layers. These are densely connected, or fully connected, neural layers. 
#The first Dense layer has 128 nodes (or neurons). The second (and last) layer returns a logits array with length of 10. Each node contains a score that indicates the current image belongs to one of the 10 classes.

Loss function(Cost f.) — This measures how accurate the model is during training. You want to minimize this function to "steer" the model in the right direction.
Optimizer — This is how the model is updated based on the data it sees and its loss function.
Metrics — Used to monitor the training and testing steps. The following example uses accuracy, the fraction of the images that are correctly classified.

There are different loss functions :
https://keras.io/api/losses/

In this project: I used SparseCategoricalCrossentropy
The from_logits=True attribute inform the loss function that the output values generated by the model are not normalized, a.k.a. logits.
https://datascience.stackexchange.com/questions/73093/what-does-from-logits-true-do-in-sparsecategoricalcrossentropy-loss-function

All different Optimizers:
https://keras.io/api/optimizers/
SGD
RMSprop
Adam
Adadelta
Adagrad
Adamax
Nadam
Ftrl

A metric is a function that is used to judge the performance of your model.
Metric functions are similar to loss functions, except that the results from evaluating a metric are not used when training the model. 
Note that you may use any loss function as a metric.


An epoch is a measure of the number of times all of the training vectors are used once to update the weights.
For batch training all of the training samples pass through the learning algorithm simultaneously in one epoch before weights are updated.
For sequential training all of the weights are updated after each training vector is sequentially passed through the training algorithm.

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47902295/what-is-the-use-of-verbose-in-keras-while-validating-the-model

print('\nTest accuracy:', test_acc) accuracy on the test dataset is a little less than the accuracy on the training dataset. This gap between training accuracy and test accuracy represents overfitting.

Attach a softmax layer to convert the logits to probabilities, which are easier to interpret.
Neural network will be able to determine the probability what clothe is in the image

predictions[0] - A prediction is an array of 10 numbers. They represent the model's "confidence" that the image corresponds to each of the 10 different articles of clothing. 
You can see which label has the highest confidence value by using np.argmax(predictions[0])
